---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome to Jekyll!"
date:   2015-03-13 16:19:33
categories: jekyll update
---

Everyone has panicked at least once in their lifetime over losing changes he or she made to a file or saving the wrong changes. You don't have to worry about losing data with version control because it keeps tracks of all the changes you made to a file. Rather than saving only the last change you made, version control lets you see the progression of all the changes you made to your code. Git is a popular version control system that developers use to collaborate on the same project at the same time. It lives locally on your computer, meaning you can work on your code on your computer. However, no one else will be able to see your work unless you explicitly send it somewhere. And that's where Github comes in. Github lives remotely on the internet and unless you explicitly send your work to github (through the terminal), others will not be able to see your work nor will you be able to transfer data from github onto your computer. Github is a great place to store your code because you can access the work you put in it from any computer. Similarly to DropBox, all you will need is internet connection on any computer anywhere to work on your code instead of being restricted to only one computer machine. Github is also a great way to collaborate on work with other developers without overwriting each other's code. This means that everyone will be able to upload their own progression of code without affecting the originals